Docs: Add a section in Servers for setting extra capabilities (#4718)
SeldonIO/seldon-core: docs/source/contents/servers/index.md

  :end-before: SELDON_OVERCOMMIT_PERCENTAGE
  ```

## Extra Capabilities

> Servers can be annotated with the `extraCapabilities` field to indicate custom configurations (e.g. Python dependencies). For instance:

Reviewer: Given this is a k8s resource, probably best to avoid `annotated` as that implies `metadata.annotations`

Author: Agreed. Fixed wording in https://github.com/SeldonIO/seldon-core/pull/4718/commits/1e7bb30d7492d9b4fbd56f8de232f13cb2400b9f.

> Servers can be annotated with the `extraCapabilities` field to indicate custom configurations (e.g. Python dependencies). For instance:

Reviewer: :thought_balloon: It'd be good to mention that the `ServerConfig` defines the default `capabilities` and this field allows a particular `Server` does not override that, but rather extends it with more capabilities

Author: Good point. Added explanations on capabilities in https://github.com/SeldonIO/seldon-core/pull/4718/commits/1e7bb30d7492d9b4fbd56f8de232f13cb2400b9f.

```{literalinclude} ../../../../samples/servers/mlserver-extra-capabilities.yaml
:language: yaml
```

> Note that `serverConfig: mlserver` will provide default capabilities for MLServer as shown above, and the values specified in `extraCapabilities` are appended to them to create a single list of capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `serverConfig: mlserver` will provide default capabilities for MLServer as shown above, and the values specified in `extraCapabilities` are appended to them to create a single list of capabilities for this `Server`.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This server, `mlserver-extra`, inherits a default set of capabilities via `serverConfig: mlserver`.
These defaults are discussed above.
The `extraCapabilities` are appended to these to create a single list of capabilities for this server.
```
Alternative suggestion that perhaps read better?

Author: Yes the second suggestion reads better. I added a new commit suggestion below myself as I couldn't apply it to the outdated file.

> Note that `serverConfig: mlserver` will provide default capabilities for MLServer as shown above, and the values specified in `extraCapabilities` are appended to them to create a single list of capabilities for this `Server`.

Author: As suggested by @agrski 
```suggestion
This server, `mlserver-extra`, inherits a default set of capabilities via `serverConfig: mlserver`.
These defaults are discussed above.
The `extraCapabilities` are appended to these to create a single list of capabilities for this server.
```
